US,UK,ROU,POL,NL,MEX,ITA,FRE,SPA,GER,CZE,BRA
alice,a$$h0l3,bou,pierdol,Kneus,cabrón,allupato,anal,cabrón,bratze,blbec,bicha
free,a$$h0l3s,tampit,dogry.pl,Debiel,caca,ammucchiata,annus,caca,bumse,blbci,bilau
hotmail,a$$hole,cretin,wpierdol,Mongool,chingado,anale,anus,chingado,cock(?!t),buzerant,biscate
laposte,a$$holes,idiot,allegro,Kloothommel,cojones,arrapato,Auschwitz,cojones,damn,buzna,biskate
live,abspritzer,vita,cwel,Klootzak,coño,arruso,auschwitz,coño,darmauslecker,buzny,boceta
msn,adolf,imputit,debil,Tieftoeter,cretino,assatanato,bais,cretino,darmlecker,?ubka,boquete
msn,anal,borat,dziwk,Bosmongool,culero,bastardo,baise,culero,dirne,?ubky,buceta
neuf,anals,fraier,fuck,Sufkut,culo,bagascia,baltringue,culo,dödel,?urák,cacete
orange,analinvader,tembel,gangbang,Anusplug,estupido,baldracca,bastard,estupido,f1ck,?uráci,cagaço
sfr,analinvaders,prost,hitIer,Endeldarmtoerist,gilipollas,battona,batar,gilipollas,fick,debil,cagada
yahoo,anfänger,rapandula,http:,Hoerenjong,guey,balle,batar,guey,flck,dement,cagão
http:,arsch,zdreanta,https:,Teringsnol,idiota,battona,bâtard,idiota,Flittchen,d?vka,cagar
https:,arschficken,repetent,huj,Klootviool,imbecil,belino,batard,imbecil,Fötzchen,d?vky,cagasso
tube8,arschlecker,corigent,hwdp,Kanker,joto,bocchinara,battar,joto,fotze,idiot,caguei
www,arschloch,obosit,jeb,Tering,mamada,Bocchino,battard,mamada,fresse,kráva,caraio
youporn,arse,muist,jebac,Tyfus,mamar,Bofilo,behloul,mamar,fuck,krávy,caráio
 @gmail,arsed,sugator,jebac,Anaaladmiraal,mames,boiata,belef,mames,gangbang,kretén,caralho
(@)(@),arses,sugativa,jebak,Teringtekkel,mamón,busone,belefomouk,mamón,gay,kripl,chochota
[^\s]*,arseface,coaie,jebal,Slet,marica,cacca,belef-o-mouk,marica,hitIer,kunda,cú
alice,arsefaces,morti,jebal,Hoer,maricón,caciocappella,Bitch,maricón,hoden,kundy,cusao
free,arsehole,suge,jebany,Breezerslet,mierda,cagare,bitch,mierda,http:,kurva,cusão
hotmail,arseholes,pula ,jebcie,Befkonijn,pendejo,cagata,bite,pendejo,https:,kurvy,cuzao
laposte,arselicked,pizda,jebie,Kankerlijer,pinche,cappella,bites,pinche,hure,osel,cuzão
live,arselicker,mata,kurev,Kenker,polla,cazzata,bitte,polla,idiot,oslové,foda
msn,arselickers,muie,kurew,Teringlijer,puta,cazzimma,bittes,puta,idioten,pí?a,foda-se
msn,arselicking,cioara,kurv,Tyfuslijer,puto,cazzo,bondage,puto,kack,pí?e,foder
neuf,arsewipe,ciori,kurw,Stoephoer,tarado,checca,bougnoul,tarado,kiff,pošuk,fodeu
orange,arsewipes,avortat,kutas,Snol,verga,chiappa,bougnoule,verga,klöten,pošuci,fodidão
sfr,ass,avorton,pierdal,Lul,zzzzzzfiles,chiavare,bougnoules,zzzzzzfiles,moese,sra?ka,fodidinha
yahoo,assface,corcit,pierdolon,Kut,,chiavata,branl,,möse,zmrd,fodidinho
a$$h0l3,assfaced,infect,pizda,Bosneger,,ciospo,branlage,,muschi,blbost,fodido
a$$hole,assfaces,cur,pizdo,Sukkel,,ciucciami il cazzo,branle,,Muschi,demence,fodidona
abspritzer,assfuck,curva,pojeb,Aarslikker,,coglione,branler,,nigga,prdel,fuder
adolf,assfucked,parasuta,pojeb,Aambeienbeffer,,coglioni,branles,,nigger,blbý,fudeu
anal,assfucker,gaoaza,qrv,Zweetkut,,cornuto,branlette,,nutte,blbá,fudida
anfänger,assfuckers,fute,qrw,Aambeienlikker,,culattina ,branlettes,,p0rn,blbé,fudidão
anus,asshat,futut,qurv,Aambeienschoffelaar,,culattone (masc. noun),canabis,,penis,debilní,fudidinha
arsch,asshats,frecat,qurw,Aardappelhoer,,culo,Cannabis,,penner,dementní,fudidinho
arschficken,asshole,ars,sperma,Aarsbeffer,,di merda,cannabis,,pimmel,zasraný,fudido
arschlecker,assholes,poponar,spermo,Anaalgeneraal,,ditalino,chiante,,pisse,zasraná,fudidona
arschloch,asslicked,pisat,sukin,Anaalgarnaal,,fica,chiasse,,popper,zasrané,karaio
arse,asslicker,limbi,www.,Anaaljager,,figa,chiasses,,rektal,zkurvený,karalho
Arse,asslickers,limbist,youporn,Anaalkabaal,,figlio di puttana,chier,,rosete,zkurvená,merda
arsed,asslicking,gaozar,zjeb,Anaalridder,,finocchio,chies,,rosette,zkurvené,phoda
arseface,assrape,bulangiu,chuj,Anaaltoerist,,fottere,chimboz,,schamlippen,buzerovat,piroca
arsehole,assraped,cocalar,ciota,Anusgezwel,,fottersi,chiotte,,scheiße,jebat,piroka
arseholes,assraper,sloboz,cioto,Anusgezicht,,fregna,chiottes,,scheisse,jebu,porra
arselicked,assrapers,boschetar,cioty,Anushoofd,,frocio,chis,,schlampe,jebeš,punheta
arselicker,assrapes,pulica,cipa,Kringspiermusketier,,incazzarsi,ch'tah,,schniedel,jebe,punheteiro
arselickers,assraping,penis,cipo,Anuslikkendekontkever,,incoglionirsi,cocain,,sex,jebal,punhetero
arselicking,asswipe,scula,kureski,Anuslikker,,ingoio,cocaine,,shit,mrdat,puta
assbag,auschwitz,mataranga,kurestwo,Anusnicht,,leccaculo,cocaine,,slut,mrdám,viado
assbandit,asswipes,mufa,pedal,Apekut,,lecchino,cocaine,,sperma,mrdáš,xereca
assbanger,azzhole,lindic,pedal,Baggerhoer,,loffa,Cochonne,,stricher,mrdá,xoxota
assclown,b!tch,cordeala,zzzzzfiles,Baggerslet,,loffare,cock,,suck,mrdal,nazismo
assface,b00b,futai,zzzzzfiles,Bakhoer,,mannaggia!,cokaine,,titte,posrat,nazista
assfuck,b00bs,scarna,,Baklap,,merda,coke,,tripper,poseru,hitler
assfucked,b17ch,popou,,Bak slet,,merdata,coke,,trottel,pesere,binladen
assfucker,b1tch,rahat,,Ballenlikker,,merdoso,conar,,tube8,posral,bin laden
assfuckers,ballbag,sula,,Balneuker,,mignotta,conard,,vagina,srát,osama
assgoblin,ballbags,stromeleag,,Balzak,,minchia,conards,,votze,seru,al qaeda
asshat,ballox,fofoloanca,,Battyboy,,minchione,conart,,whore,sere,orgasmo
asshead,bambaclaat,cuc,,Befbek,,mona,conarts,,wichs,šukat,masturbar
asshole,bambaclaats,basinos,,Befhoer,,palle,conasse,,wixx,šukám,masturbei
assholes,barstard,tigan,,Befkikker,,palloso,conasses,,www.,šukáš,masturbando
asslicked,barstards,bozgor,,Befkoning,,pecorina,connace,,youporn,šuká,masturbou
asslicker,bastard,hahalera,,Befslet,,pippone,connar,,zuhälter,šukal,b1ch4
asslickers,bastards,pramatie,,Befsmurf,,pipì,connar,,Aa Gesicht,péro,b1l4u
asslicking,basturd,a$$h0l3,,Befsnol,,pirla,connard,,Aa Lutscher,penis,b1scate
asspirate,basturds,a$$hole,,Beftackle,,pisciare,connart,,Aa Wurst,kokot,bisk4te
assrape,bawbag,abspritzer,,Beftekkel,,piscio,connarts,,Aasfresser,vagína,boc3ta
assraped,bawbags,adolf,,Bejaardehoer,,pisello,connasse,,Abortschüsseltaucher,vagíny,boqu3t3
assrapes,beanflicker,anal,,Bekschurft,,pistolotto,connasses,,Abschaum,pi?a,bucet4
assraping,beanflickers,anfänger,,Berenlul,,pompino,conne,,Abscheißer,pi?e,c4c3t3
asswipe,beanflicking,arsch,,Bermslet,,porco dio,connerie,,Abspritzer,hovno,c4g4d4
azzhole,beefcurtains,arschficken,,Blondehoer,,porca madonna,conneries,,Abwasserschlüfer,hovna,c4g4o
b!tch,beejay,arschlecker,,Blubberkut,,porca miseria,connes,,Abwasserspucker,prso,c4g4r
b00bs,beejays,arschloch,,Hufter,,porca puttana,couille,,Achselhöhlenforscher,prsa,c4guei
b17ch,belsen,assface,,Boerenlul,,porca,couilles,,Achsellecker,cecky,c4r410
b1tch,bi+ch,assfuck,,Boerenpummel,,Porco due,cu,,Achselschweißfontaine,pojeb,c4r410
ballox,biatch,asshat,,Bosaap,,Porco zio,cul,,Achterbahnkotzer,vyjebat,c4r4lh0
bastard,biatches,asshole,,Bosbeffer,,puttana,cul,,Ackerfresse,vyjebu,ch0ch0t4
beaner,bitch,assholes,,Camperhoer,,recchione,cuni,,Affenfurchenfetischist,vyjebeš,kú
bi+ch,bitchass,asswipe,,Campingslet,,ricchione,cunni,,Affengesicht,vyjebe,kusao
biatch,bitched,azzhole,,Campinghoer,,rincoglionire,dahwa,,Affenhoden,vyjebal,cus4o
billing,bitches,b!tch,,Capsonestrut,,rompiballe,dick,,Affenlecker,vyjebeli,cuz4o
bitch,bitching,b*tch,,Capsoneslijer,,rompipalle,dick,,Affenpenissauger,prd,cuzões
bitchass,bitchs,b00bs,,Chatnicht,,sbattersi,dilatation,,Affenprinz,mrdat,fod4
bitched,bitchslap,b17ch,,Chocohoer,,sborra,dilate,,Affenschwanzlutscher,mrdal,fod4-se
bitches,bitchy,b1tch,,Crackhoer,,sborrata,dilatee,,Affenvergewaltiger,mrdám,fod1dão
bitching,bj,bastard,,Cyberslet,,scopare,dilater,,Affenvisage,homo,b1n l4d3n
bitchs,bj's,bi+ch,,Cybersnol,,scopata,dilater,,Afterabschmatzer,gay,b1nl4d3n
bitchtits,bjs,biatch,,Cyberhoer,,scorreggiare,dilatte,,Afteratmer,kokutek,b1sc4t3
bitchy,blowjob,billing,,Damhoer,,sega,dilatter,,Aftergeißel,blb,bichas
blowjob,blowjobs,bitch,,Darmneuker,,segaiolo,drug,,Aftergelehrter,prdílka,boc3t4
blowjobs,bltch,bitchass,,Dekslet,,slinguare,ducon,,Afterhöhlenbewohner,svin?,bocet4
bltch,ballock,bitches,,Dijkhoer,,slinguata,ejac,,Afterhöhlenforscher,smrad,boquet3
bollocks,ballocks,bitchy,,Dildo,,Smandrappata,éjacul,,Afterhölenforscher,sere,buc3t4
bollocks,bollock,blowjob,,Kontenneuker,,Smandrappona,ejaculation,,Afterhöleninspektor,hajzl,cu
bollox,bollocked,blowjobs,,Drempelkut,,Sorca,éjaculation,,Afterhöllenfrosch,hovado,cus4o
bolloxed,bollockface,bltch,,Teef,,spagnola,ejacule,,Afterkopf,negr,cusões
boner,bollockhead,boobs,,Dropkut,,spompinare,ejaculer,,Afterkriecher,cigán,fod1d1nh4
boobs,bollocking,buceta,,Droplul,,sticchio,éjaculer,,Afterloser,komouš,fod1d1nho
brotherfucker,bollocks,bullshit,,Druiloor,,stronza,ejacules,,Afterschleimhautfalte,teplouš,fod1do
buceta,bollox,buttface,,Eikel,,stronzata,emmerd,,Afterschlürfer,nácek,fod1don4
bullcrap,bolloxed,buttfuck,,Eikeltumor,,stronzo,emmerdant,,Afterstöpsel,nácci,foda se
bullshit,bolloxs,butthead,,Eikellikker,,sveltina,emmerdante,,age of empires,b?hna,fud1d1nh4
bullshiter,boner,butthole,,Etterbak,,sverginare,emmerde,,aldi,b?hny,fud1d1nho
bullshitter,bong,buttlick,,Ezelslul,,Tarzanello,emmerdes,,Algenkotzer,šulin,fud1d4
bullshitting,bongs,buttwipe,,Ezelskut,,terrone,emmerdez,,Alpenfutt,coura,fud1dão
buttface,boobs,c0ck,,Flapkut,,testa di cazzo,encul,,Alphornsauger,v?l,fud1do
buttfuck,buceta,c0cksucker,,Flathoer,,testa di minchia,encule,,Amöbenbefruchter,volové,fud1dona
buttfucka,bugger,candyass,,Flatslet,,tette,enculé,,Anabolikafratze,magor,h1tler
buttfucker,buggered,chink,,Flikker,,topa,enculent,,anal(?!y),mago?i,k4cete
butthead,buggering,chinks,,Flubberkut,,troia,enculer,,Anbläser,pako,k4r410
butthole,buggerred,cipa,,Flutkut,,trombare,encules,,anus,paka,k4r4lh0
buttlick,buggerring,clit,,Fuckingkutkop,,vacca,enflure,,Apflussfresser,pablb,kcte
buttplug,buggerry,clito,,Gambaslet,,vaffanculo,enfoir,,Apflusslecker,Hitler,ku
Buttsex,buggers,clits,,Anuskanibaal,,vangare,enfoire,,Apflusssammler,Stalin,kus4o
buttwipe,buggery,cock,,Strontbosaap,,zinne,enfoires,,Archpickel,Gestapo,kuzão
c0ck,bukkake,cocks,,Kuthoer,,zoccola,engeuuler,,Aschenbecherlecker,zplynovat,m3rd4
c0cksucker,bullcrap,cocksucker,,Boomschorsbeffer,,,engueule,,Aschenbecherputzer,zplunuje,m4sturbando
cameltoe,bullshit,cocksuckers,,Geitebeffer,,,engueulent,,asshole,zplynoval,m4sturbar
candyass,bullshiter,cojones,,Geitekut,,,Erection,,Assi,?aman,m4sturbei
carpetmuncher,bullshitter,coon,,Geitelul,,,Extasi,,Atommüllfresser,židák,m4sturbou
chesticle,bullshitting,cornhole,,Geitepijper,,,Extasy,,Ausgeburt der Hölle,židáci,n4zismo
chinc,bumfucker,cracker,,Geitenbaffer,,,facho,,Ausschlauch,cigoš,n4zista
chink,bumfuckers,cunt,,Geitenbeffer,,,fdp,,Axelschweißlecker,cvok,org4smo
chinkee,bumspud,cunts,,Geitenneuker,,,fecal,,Bastard,cvoci,os4ma
chinkie,bumspuds,d!ck,,Geitenwipper,,,felation,,Bauerntölpel,trouba,phod4
chinks,buttface,d1ck,,Baarmoederschimmel,,,fellation,,Bauerntrampel,troubové,piroc4
chinky,buttfuck,dick,,Kutkind,,,fellation,,Beidl,šupák,pirok4
Chit,buttfucks,dickhead,,Gladiool,,,filsdepute,,Bescheißer,šupáci,porr4
choad,butthead,dickheads,,Glibberkut,,,fiote,,Bettnässer,moula,punhet4
cipa,buttheads,dike,,Godverdomme,,,fiotes,,Biatch,moulové,put4
clit,butthole,dildo,,Grafbak,,,fiotte,,Bindenablecker,zr?da,put4s
clitface,buttholes,dingleberries,,Grafhoer,,,fiottes,,bitch,zr?dy,v1ado
clito,buttlick,dingleberry,,Grafkop,,,fist,,Blasehase,vocas,viados
clitoris,buttplug,dipshit,,Grafkut,,,foufe,,Blöder,degen,x0x0t4
clits,buttplugs,dipshits,,Graflul,,,fouffe,,Blödfurz,mizera,xerec4
cock,buttwipe,djck,,Grafmongool,,,foure,,Blödi,mizerové,al qaeda
cockface,buttwipes,dlck,,Graftak,,,foutrent,,Blödian,pako,assh0le
cockhead,c0ck,dogfucker,,Graftiefusdebiel,,,foutres,,Blödkopf,paka,asshole
cockmaster,c0cks,doggiestyle,,Graskaffer,,,fouttre,,Blödkröte,trotl,b00b
cockmongler,c0cksucker,doggystyle,,Gratenkut,,,fouttres,,Blödmann,spratek,b00bies
cockmongruel,c0cksuckers,domina,,Greppelbeffer,,,fuck,,Blödmannsgehilfe,spratci,b1n l4den
cockmuncher,c0cksucking,dong,,Greppelhoer,,,fuck,,Blödpups,trdlo,b1n laden
cocks,cameltoe,douche,,Greppelslet,,,Fucked,,Blödsack,úchyl,b1nl4den
cocksmoke,candyass,douchebag,,Greppelsletten,,,Fucker,,Blödschädel,blbe?ek,b1nladen
cocksucker,carpetmuncher,douchebags,,Kankerhomo,,,Fucking,,Blödsocke,blbe?ci,b1tches
cocksuckers,carpetmunchers,douches,,Hemahoer,,,fumier,,Blödvogel,blbci,b1tch
cocksucking,chickenchoker,doudounes,,Hoerenkut,,,fumiers,,Bocksau,mamlas,bin laden
cojones,chickenchokers,dyke,,Hoerenloper,,,Gangbang,,Bratzbacke,pedo,binladen
coochie,chink,dykes,,Horenzoon,,,genital,,Bratze,pedofil,bitch
Coochie,chinkee,ejaculate,,Homo,,,gerb,,brauner Salong,pedofilní,bitches
coon,chinkees,ejakulate,,Homofiel,,,gerbe,,Bückstück,pizizubka,bitches
coons,chinkie,f0ck,,Homokut,,,gerbe,,Bumsbirne,slizoun,blow job
cooter,chinkies,fachar,,Homohoer,,,gerbee,,Bumsfrikadelle,retard,blowjob
cornhole,chinks,fag,,Homonaaier,,,gerber,,Bumskarnickel,ohava,boob
cracker,chinky,faggot,,Hondekut,,,gmail,,Bumskopf,k?ivák,boobies
Crackwhore,cipa,faggots,,Hondelul,,,gouinasse,,Bumskuh,pob?hlice,c0ck
crap,clit,fags,,Hondenneuker,,,gouinasses,,Bumsnudel,prevít,c0ck sucker
crapping,clito,fatass,,Hondenzak,,,gouine,,Bumsschädel,imbecil,cock
creamed,clitoris,fcuk,,Huppelkut,,,gouines,,Bumsschnalle,držka,cocksucker
creamy,clits,fcukoff,,Huppelkutje,,,gouinne,,camel toe,držky,cock-sucker
cum,cocaine,fcukyou,,Huppeltrut,,,gouinnes,,carpetmuncher,?adro,cum
cumbubble,cock,felch,,Huppelslet,,,grognasse,,chinc,?adra,cunt
cumdumpster,cockhead,feltch,,Ijslul,,,grognasses,,chink,psychopat,d1ck
cumguzzler,cockjockey,fitta,,Imbiciel,,,grogniasse,,choad,hajzlík,d1cks
cums,cockknocker,fittafis,,Internetslet,,,grogniasse,,chode,hovadina,dick
cumslut,cockknockers,fittansikte,,Ingegroeidekonthaar,,,gueule,,clit,prostitutka,dicks
cunnilingus,cocks,fittslickare,,Pornokabouter,,,gueuler,,clitface,prostitutky,f4g
cunt,cocksucker,fittytuck,,Janlul,,,hack,,clitfuck,špekoun,f4ggots
cuntass,cocksuckers,fittytucking,,Jetslet,,,hacker,,clusterfuck,homosexual,f4gs
cuntface,cocksucking,flansost,,Jodenneuker,,,hacking,,coochie,vole,fag
cuntface,cojones,flata,,Kaaskop,,,hagoune,,coochy,kundo,faggot
cunthole,coon,fock,,Kaasnicht,,,hammalle,,coon,kurvo,faggots
cuntrag,coons,follar,,Kakteef,,,hataille,,cooter,kriple,fags
cunts,cornhole,foquin,,Kamelenlul,,,Heil,,cracker,idiote,fuck
d!ck,cornholes,fottere,,Katoenplukker,,,heroine,,cultures,krávo,fucker
d1ck,crap,fottersi,,Kermissletje,,,herpes,,cum,grázle,fuckin
D1ldo,crapped,fotze,,Klapkut,,,Hitler,,cunnie,zvratko,fucking
damn,crapper,foutre,,Kleefkut,,,hmal,,cunnilingus,ohavo,fuk
Damn,crapping,freaking,,Klereflikker,,,hotmail,,cunt,spratku,jack 0ff
damned,creamed,fregna,,Klompenkut,,,incest,,dago,neg?e,jack off
dick,creamy,friggin,,Kloot,,,inceste,,deggo,degene,jack0ff
dickface,cum,frikking,,Klootbek,,,incestueuse,,Depp,pi?ko,jackoff
dickfucker,cumbucket,frocio,,Kloothommel,,,incestueux,,Dickschwein,moulo,jerk 0ff
dickhead,cumguzzler,froscio,,Kloothoofd,,,inch'allah,,die stämme,pi?o,jerk off
dickheads,cumguzzlers,fucing,,Klootjavaan,,,joint,,dike,debile,jerk0ff
dicks,cumguzzling,fuck,,Klootviool,,,junkie,,dildo,demente,jerkoff
dicksucking,cums,fucked,,Klotehufter,,,Kanaille,,dipshit,zkuvysyn,kunt
dickweasel,cumslut,fucker,,Klotelul,,,kehba,,doochbag,zkurvysyne,masterbate
dickweed,cumsluts,fuckers,,Knalkut,,,kehbaa,,doofe ohren,ichtil,masterbating
Dickweed,cunnilingus,fuckhead,,Kneus,,,kehbba,,Doofmannsgehilfe,ichtile,masterbation
dike,cunt,fuckin,,Knevelkut,,,kkehba,,dookie,tupec,masturbate
dildo,cuntface,fucking,,Knurftschurft,,,kkk,,douche,tup?e,masturbating
dildo,cunts,fuckoff,,Kofferhoer,,,klitoris,,Dreckfresse,xicht,masturbation
dingleberries,cuntsmasher,fucks,,Kontenneuker,,,lesbien,,Dreckfresser,xichte,nazi
dingleberry,cuntsmashers,fuckyou,,Konthaareter,,,lesbienne,,Dreckhaufen,ksich,org4sm
dipshit,cuntsmuggler,fudgepacka,,Konthaarvlechter,,,Lucifer,,Drecksack,ksichte,orgasm
dipshits,cuntsmugglers,fudgepacker,,Konthoer,,,mange-merde,,drecksau,buzík,os4m4
djck,cuntsmuggling,fudgepacking,,Kontridder,,,Marijuana,,dreckschwein,bukvice,osama
dlck,cuntybollocked,fuk,,Kruipneger,,,marijuana,,Dreckseumel,pi?i,oz4m4
dogfucker,cuntybollocks,fux0r,,Neger,,,mari-juana,,Drecksfresse,kokain,ozama
doggiestyle,d!ck,gangbang,,Kutaap,,,masochism,,Drecksgöre,heroin,phuck
doggystyle,d1ck,gay,,Kutbelg,,,masochism,,Dreckshaufen,marjánka,phucker
domina,dachau,göbbels,,Kutbeffer,,,masochisme,,Dreckshund,marihuana,phuckin
dong,dick,goddamn,,Clitoris,,,masochiste,,Dreckskerl,meth,phucking
doochebag,dicked,goddamnit,,Kutgast,,,masturb,,Drecksstück,metamfetamin,phuk
douche,dickhead,goddamn,,Kutjebef,,,masturbation,,Dreckstück,LSD,pussy
douchebag,dickheads,goddamnit,,Beffen,,,masturbe,,Drecksverhurter,opium,sh1t
douchebags,dicking,goebbels,,Piemel,,,masturber,,Drecksviech,kodein,shit
douches,dicks,gook,,Balzak,,,merde,,Dreilochstute,é?ko,sk4nk
doudounes,dickwad,gooks,,Kutje,,,merdeuse,,Drogenopferkörper,MDMA,skank
dumass,dickwads,hackfresse,,Kutkop,,,merdeuses,,Drogenticker,valium,slut
dumbass,dike,himmler,,Kutlul,,,merdeux,,Drüberrutscher,xanax,son of a b1tch
dumbcunt,dikes,hitler,,Kuttelikker,,,mouk,,dumass,pervitin,son of a bitch
dumbcunts,dildo,hoe,,Kuttelikkertje,,,nardin,,dumb,konopí,son-of-a-b1tch
dumbfuck,dildoes,hoer,,Kutmongool,,,nardin,,Dumbatz,toluen,son-of-a-bitch
Dumbfucker,dildos,homo,,Kuttekrabber,,,nardin-o-mouk,,dumm,chlast,sons of b1tches
dumbshit,dingleberries,hooters,,Kutslet,,,narl,,Dumpfbacke,víno,sons of bitches
Dumbshit,dingleberry,hore,,Kutwijf,,,Nazi,,Dumpfhuhn,rum,sucker
dunecoon,dipshit,hore,,Laagvliegendestrondbaviaan,,,nazzi,,Dumpfsack,slivovice,suckers
Dunecoon,dipshits,horney,,Lafbek,,,negre,,dünnschiss,absint,test1cle
dyke,djck,horny,,Lamlul,,,negres,,dünnschiß,absinth,test1cles
dykes,dlck,http,,Lamzak,,,nègres,,durchfall,vodka,testicle
ejaculate,dogfucker,hummer,,Lapzwans,,,negress,,dyke,MILF,testicles
ejakulate,dogfuckers,jackoff,,Latexnicht,,,negresse,,Echofurzer,dildo,wack 0ff
erection,doggers,jackass,,Leprakind,,,negresses,,Eckenscheißer,vibrátor,wack off
Erection,doggiestyle,jacking,,Leprasnikkel,,,ngresse,,Edelsau,anál,wack0ff
f0ck,dogging,jackoff,,Lijkenlikker,,,nibar,,eichelkäse,orál,wackoff
fachar,doggystyle,jackshit,,Lijkenneuker,,,nibard,,Einfaltspinsel,bondage,wh0re
fag,domina,jaji,,Lijkenlikker,,,nichon,,Einzeller,blowjob,whore
fagbag,dong,jazi,,Lijpedildo,,,nichons,,Enddarmmasseur,bukkake,kunt
fagfucker,dongs,jewed,,Baardaap,,,nikomouk,,Erbsenhirn,bukake,nigger
faggit,donkeydick,jidder,,Lompelul,,,nik-o-mouk,,Erektionsopfer,cumshot,niggers
faggot,donkeydicks,jigaboo,,Maaghoer,,,niquent,,escaria,fisting,n1gger
faggots,donkeydickz,jism,,Masturbarie,,,niquer,,fäckal,gangbang,niggah
fags,douche,jizz,,Mastrubeer,,,niques,,fag,lesba,n1ggah
fagtard,douchebag,junglebunnies,,Mestbek,,,ntm,,fäkal,lesbi?ka,Motha Fucker
fatass,douchebags,junglebunny,,Minkukel,,,omouk,,fatass,lesbi?ky,Motha Fuker
fck,douches,kawk,,Miskraamkop,,,omek,,Fazke,hentai,Motha Fukkah
fcuk,doudounes,kike,,Modekut,,,orgasm,,fellatio,masturbace,Motha Fukker
fcukoff,dumbcunt,kyke,,Modetrut,,,orgies,,feltch,masturbuju,Mother Fucker
fcukyou,dumbcunts,l3i+ch,,Modetrutje,,,orgy,,Fettkloß,masturbuješ,Mother Fukah
felch,dyke,l3i+ch,,Moederneuker,,,paidale,,fettkloss,sex,Mother Fuker
fellatio,dykes,l3itch,,Molenteef,,,partouse,,Fettsack,striptýz,Mother Fukkah
feltch,eejit,lesb,,Mongool,,,partouze,,Fettsackmonster,a$$h0l3,Mother Fukker
feltcher,eejits,lesbian,,Natkut,,,pd,,Fettsau,a$$hole,mother-fucker
feltching,ejaculate,lesbisch,,Nattekut,,,pd,,Fettschwein,abspritzer,Mutha Fucker
fitta,ejaculating,lesbo,,Nazihoer,,,pd,,Fettspacken,adolf,Mutha Fukah
fittafis,ejaculator,lez,,Nazikont,,,pd,,Fettwalze,anal,Mutha Fuker
fittansikte,ejakulate,maengele,,Necrofiel,,,pdsexuel,,Fettwanst,anfänger,Mutha Fukkah
fittslickare,erection,mängele,,Negerlul,,,pds,,Fettwanze,arsch,Mutha Fukker
fittytuck,f0ck,masterbat*,,Neukfout,,,ped,,Feuchtfurzanalytiker,arschficken,asswipe
fittytucking,fachar,masterbat3,,Neukgleuf,,,pede,,Fischauge,arschlecker,butthole
flamer,fag,masterbation,,Neukhoofd,,,pederaste,,Flachpfeife,arschloch,buttwipe
flansost,faggot,mastuerzon,,Neukkabouter,,,pederastes,,Flachzange,assface,dild0
flata,faggots,masturbate,,Neukkonijn,,,pedes,,flamer,assfuck,dild0s
fock,faghag,mengele,,Neuknaad,,,pedesexuel,,fleischpeitsche,asshat,dildo
follar,faghags,mofo,,Neuknicht,,,pedesexuels,,Fliegenschiss,asshole,dildos
foquin,fags,monkeyass,,Neukslet,,,pedophil,,Flötenkäse,assholes,dilld0
fottere,fagstag,motharfucker,,Neusneuker,,,pédoque,,Frittengesicht,asswipe,dilld0s
fottersi,fagstags,motharfuka,,Oetlul,,,Penis,,Froschfresse,azzhole,zzzzzzfiles
fotze,fangita,motharfukka,,Omabeffer,,,pénis,,fudgepacker,b!tch,
foutre,fannyfart,Motherf0cker,,Oomneuker,,,pennis,,furz,b*tch,
freaking,fannyfarts,Motherfocker,,Orgasmus,,,Perver,,Galgenvogel,b00bs,
fregna,fannygape,motherfucker,,Ossenkut,,,Pervers,,Gaukler,b17ch,
friggin,fannymouse,motherfuckers,,Paardebeffer,,,perverse,,Gauner,b1tch,
frikking,fannytickler,motherfucking,,Paardekloot,,,petasse,,Geburtsfehler,bastard,
frocio,fannytickler,motherukka,,Paardekut,,,petasse,,Gefisteter,bi+ch,
froscio,faptastic,muschi,,Paardelul,,,pétasse,,Gehirnamputierter,biatch,
fucing,fatass,mutherfuka,,Paardelullo,,,petasses,,genital,billing,
fuck,fck,mutta,,Paardenlul,,,piner,,Gesichtsanus,bitch,
fucked,fcuk,n!gga,,Paardenanus,,,pines,,Gesox,bitchass,
fucker,fcukoff,n!gger,,Paardenpenis,,,pinne,,gg45,bitches,
Fuckering,fcukyou,n*gger,,Paardepenisneuker,,,pinner,,Ghettokind,bitchy,
Fuckermother,feck,n166er,,Paardenpijper,,,pinner,,Glubschauge,blowjob,
fuckers,fecked,n1gga,,Paardenpikkenpoetser,,,pipe,,Glubschi,blowjobs,
fuckface,fecker,n1gger,,Paardenpenislikker,,,piper,,göbbels,bltch,
fuckhead,feckers,n4zi,,Paardenpikkerslikker,,,pipes,,goddamn,boobs,
fuckin,feckin,nazi,,Paardenneuker,,,Piss,,goddamnit,buceta,
fucking,fecking,ngger,,Paashaasneuker,,,pisse,,gooch,bullshit,
fuckit,felch,ni66ar,,Paashaasschaamhaarverzamelaar,,,pissent,,gook,buttface,
fuckoff,felched,ni66er,,Passoaslet,,,pisser,,gringo,buttfuck,
fucks,felcher,ni6ger,,Passoatrut,,,pisses,,Hackfleischfresse,butthead,
fuckstick,felchers,nigga,,Pekelteef,,,porn,,Hackfresse,butthole,
fucktard,felching,niggah,,Penisafhakker,,,Porno,,Hackzahnfresse,buttlick,
fucktart,feltch,nigger,,Penishoofd,,,poufe,,handjob,buttwipe,
fuckup,feltched,niggers,,Peniskoker,,,pouffe,,Hanswurst,c0ck,
fuckwit,feltcher,nlgger,,Peniskokerlikker,,,pouffes,,Harnröhrenfister,c0cksucker,
fuckwits,feltchers,nutsack,,Penisleier,,,pouffiasse,,heeb,candyass,
fuckyou,feltching,nutte,,Penislikker,,,poufiasse,,heulsuse,chink,
fudgenudger,fisted,nympho,,Peniszuiger,,,prorat,,hh,chinks,
fudgenudger,fistfuck,orgasm,,Perebek,,,prostitue,,himmler,cipa,
fudgepacka,fistfucks,orgy,,Piemelemoosje,,,prostituee,,Hirnampotierter,clit,
fudgepacker,fisting,pendejo,,Piemelpatser,,,prostituer,,Hirni,clito,
fudgepacking,fitta,penner,,Piemelpiraat,,,prostitut,,hitler,clits,
fuk,fittafis,penus,,Piemelwijf,,,Prostitute,,hoe,cock,
fukin,fittansikte,phuck,,Pijpert,,,prostitution,,hohle Frucht,cocks,
fux0r,fittslickare,pimmel,,Pijpgeit,,,ptain,,Hohlkopf,cocksucker,
gangbang,fittytuck,pimp,,Pijphoer,,,pteux,,holocaust,cocksuckers,
gay,fittytucking,pimpis,,Pijphomo,,,ptin,,homo,cojones,
gayboy,flansost,pinche,,Pijpmond,,,Pussi,,homodumbshit,coon,
gayboys,flata,piss,,Pijpslet,,,Pussy,,Honk,cornhole,
gaylord,fock,pisser,,Pikzuiger,,,putain,,honkey,cracker,
gays,follar,Poof,,Pikvocht,,,putasse,,Hornochse,cum,
gaywad,foquin,poontang,,Pikkelikker,,,putasses,,Hosenscheißer,cunt,
göbbels,fottere,poopshoot,,Pikkenlikker,,,pute,,humping,cunts,
goddamn,fottersi,porchmonkey,,Pikketrekker,,,putes,,huso,d!ck,
goddamn,fotze,porn,,Pikzuiger,,,putin,,ikariam,d1ck,
goddamnit,foutre,porno,,Pindavreter,,,puttain,,Impotenter,dick,
goddamnit,freaking,prick,,Pisbuisje,,,puttains,,Inselaffe,dickhead,
goebbels,fregna,prostitute,,Pishoofd,,,putte,,jackass,dickheads,
gollywog,friggin,pubes,,Piskabouter,,,puttes,,Jammerlappen,dike,
gooch,frigging,pusse,,Piskonijn,,,quequette,,Jammerspacken,dildo,
gook,frikking,pussies,,Piskont,,,quéquette,,Jammersuse,dingleberries,
gooks,frocio,pussis,,Piskut,,,quequettes,,jap,dingleberry,
guido,froscio,pussy,,Pislul,,,quéquettes,,jerk off,dipshit,
hackfresse,fucing,puta,,Pisnicht,,,race,,jigaboo,dipshits,
handjob,fuck,putang,,Pisklit,,,racial,,jizz,djck,
hardon,fuckbuddies,puto,,Pisvlek,,,rectum,,jungle bunny,dlck,
heeb,fuckbuddy,queef,,Plakhoer,,,rectus,,junglebunny,dogfucker,
hell,fuckbuddys,queer,,Plasnicht,,,reubeu,,Kaaskopf,doggiestyle,
himmler,fucked,rape,,Plaspop,,,roter,,Kachelfresse,doggystyle,
hitler,fucker,rectal,,Pluruskut,,,rotes,,kampf um mittelerde,domina,
ho,fuckers,rimjob,,Poedelpijper,,,s.a.l.o.p.e,,Kampflesbe,dong,
hoe,fuckface,sausagejockey,,Poedelneuker,,,sadism,,Kanisterkopf,douche,
hoer,fuckhead,schamhaar,,Poepchinees,,,sadist,,Kastrat,douchebag,
Hoes,fuckin,scheisse,,Poepdooshoofd,,,salaud,,kike,douchebags,
homo,fucking,schwanz,,Poepgat,,,salauds,,Kinderschänder,douches,
homos,fuckit,schwuchtel,,Poepneuker,,,salaupe,,Klassenmatratze,doudounes,
homosexual,fuckoff,schwul,,Poepkut,,,salo,,kooch,dyke,
homosexuals,fucks,scrotum,,Poepsexhomo,,,salop,,kootch,dykes,
hooker,fuckstick,sh!+,,Poepslet,,,salope,,kotz,ejaculate,
hookers,fucksticks,sh!t,,Poepsnoeper,,,salope,,kunt,ejakulate,
hooters,fucktard,sh*t,,Poepsnol,,,saloperie,,kyke,f0ck,
hore,fucktards,sh1t,,Poepturk,,,saloperies,,Labberbacke,fachar,
hore,fucktart,shemale,,Kutturk,,,salopes,,Labbersack,fag,
horney,fucktarts,shi+,,Poepvlek,,,salopes,,Laberbacke,faggot,
horny,fuckup,shit,,Poepvreter,,,saloppe,,Lachnummer,faggots,
http[^\s]*,fuckups,shite,,Pokkewijf,,,saloppe,,Lackaffe,fags,
hummer,fuckwit,shits,,Kutwijf,,,saloppes,,lameass,fatass,
humping,fuckwits,shitter,,Poldersnol,,,salops,,Lammerzeugunsorgan,fcuk,
jackass,fuckyou,shitty,,Pompslet,,,satan,,Landhure,fcukoff,
jacking,fudgenudger,shlt,,Pornomonster,,,satanic,,Landpomeranze,fcukyou,
jackoff,fudgenudgers,shyt,,Portiekhoerslet,,,satanist,,Landstreicher,felch,
jackoff,fudgepacka,skank,,Portretslet,,,sataniste,,Latrienenlecker,feltch,
jackshit,fudgepacker,sklave,,Pothoer,,,se><,,Läusezucht,fitta,
jaji,fudgepackers,slut,,Preutsekut,,,sex,,Lauwarmduscher,fittafis,
jap,fudgepacking,snatch,,Grafbek,,,Sexe,,Leberwurstgesicht,fittansikte,
japeye,fugly,spast,,Puistenhomo,,,sexes,,Leffdutti,fittslickare,
jazi,fuk,sperma,,Puistekop,,,shab,,Leiche,fittytuck,
jerk,fuka,spic,,Puistenkut,,,shetan,,Leisbock,fittytucking,
jerked,fukc,spics,,Puistenreet,,,skinhead,,Lellerbebbel,flansost,
jerking,fuker,stok,,Stoephoer,,,sodomie,,Lendenlutscher,flata,
jerkoff,fukers,stoke,,Raamneger,,,sodomies,,Lentschgacki,fock,
jerks,fukin,tampon,,Rampdebiel,,,sodomise,,Lentschificker,follar,
Jew,fuking,tits,,Raseikel,,,sodomiser,,lesbian,foquin,
jewed,fukker,titt,,Rattenneuker,,,sousmerde,,lesbo,fottere,
jidder,fukkers,titties,,Reefteef,,,sous-merde,,Lexfiedle,fottersi,
jigaboo,fukking,titty,,Retekind,,,sperm,,lezzie,fotze,
jism,fuks,torte,,Retelteef,,,sperme,,Lipidrosettenhaar,foutre,
jizz,funbags,trottel,,Rimpelkut,,,suc,,Lobotomierter,freaking,
junglebunnies,furrygash,twat,,Rolstoelbaviaan,,,suce,,Lotterbube,fregna,
junglebunny,furrygooseberries,twats,,Rotmof,,,sucent,,Luder,friggin,
kawk,furrygooseberrys,vagina,,Schaamlipgezwel,,,sucer,,Lügenbold,frikking,
keffa,fux0r,vaginas,,Schaamliplikker,,,suces,,Lügensau,frocio,
keffas,fux0red,w00se,,Schaamluis,,,suceur,,Lügenschwein,froscio,
kike,fuxor,wang,,Schaampik,,,suceurs,,Luligagg,fucing,
kikes,fuxored,wank,,Schapekut,,,suceuse,,Lullerlecker,fuck,
knobgobbler,gangbang,wanker,,Schapenneuker,,,suceuses,,Lümmeltüte,fucked,
knobhead,gangbanger,wetback,,Schijtbek,,,suck,,Lumpenpack,fucker,
knobheads,gangbangers,wetfart,,Schijthoer,,,susse,,Lumpensack,fuckers,
Kock,gangbangs,wh0re,,Schijthomo,,,susse,,Lurchi,fuckhead,
kooch,ganga,whoar,,Schijtkut,,,susse,,Lusche,fuckin,
kunt,ganja,whoore,,Schijtluis,,,t’emmerde,,Luschi,fucking,
kyke,gasheater,whore,,Schijtmongool,,,tantouse,,Lustgreis,fuckoff,
l3i+ch,gasheaters,whores,,Schijtwijf,,,tantouses,,Lustgrottentaucher,fucks,
l3i+ch,gay,wichser,,Schijtzak,,,tantouze,,Lustmolch,fuckyou,
l3itch,gayboy,wixer,,Schimmelkut,,,tantouzes,,Lutschauge,fudgepacka,
lardass,gayboys,wixxer,,Schimmelpik,,,tantra,,Macho,fudgepacker,
lesb,gayboyz,wpww,,Schimmelkont,,,Tantra,,Mamasöhnchen,fudgepacking,
lesbian,gays,www,,Schlemiel,,,tantraisme,,Mannschaftsmatratze,fux0r,
lesbisch,gayz,zzzzzfiles,,Schoolhoer,,,tapette,,Massenmörder,gangbang,
lesbo,ghay,kk,,Schoolhoertje,,,tarlouze,,Mastsau,gay,
lesbos,ghey,kkt,,Schoolkamphoer,,,tasspe,,Masturbation,göbbels,
lessie,göbbels,plm,,Schuftkop,,,telma,,Masturbiergriffel,goddamn,
lessies,gloryhole,pulalau,,Schurftenlul,,,tepu,,Matschbirne,goddamnit,
lez,gloryholes,smegma,,Schurftkut,,,testicule,,Mauerblümchen,goddamn,
lezzie,goddamn,fut,,Seksslet,,,Testicules,,Maulheld,goddamnit,
maengele,goddamnit,ling,,Sigarettenslet,,,teuch,,mcfagget,goebbels,
mängele,goebbels,lingi,,Slakut,,,tg,,Memme,gook,
masterbat*,gollywog,coae,,Slettebak,,,tin,,Menschenaffe,gooks,
masterbat3,gollywogs,coitze,,Slettebek,,,tringle,,Menschenschinder,hackfresse,
masterbation,gonad,futi,,Slettekind,,,tringler,,Menstruation,himmler,
mastuerzon,gonads,zdreamta,,Slettekop,,,tripote,,Metze,hitler,
masturbate,gook,sugaci,,Sletteklep,,,tripotee,,Milchbubi,hoe,
mcfaggot,gooks,,,Slikslet,,,tripoter,,Minderbemittelter,hoer,
mengele,hackfresse,,,Slingersnikkel,,,triquer,,Minderwertiger,homo,
mick,hardon,,,Sloeber,,,tronche,,minge,hooters,
mofo,hardons,,,Smegma,,,troncher,,Missgeburt,horney,
monkeyass,hash,,,Smegmalikker,,,troncher,,Miststück,horny,
mothafucking,heroin,,,Smegmasnuiver,,,trouduc,,Mistkrücke,http,
motharfucker,himmler,,,Smetkut,,,trouduk,,Mistkerl,hummer,
motharfuka,hitler,,,Snol,,,turlute,,Mistvieh,jackoff,
motharfukka,hoe,,,Snollekop,,,turluter,,Mistgeburt,jackass,
Motherf0cker,hoer,,,Soalikker,,,turlutes,,Mistfink,jacking,
Motherfocker,homo,,,Soepkut,,,turlutte,,Mobbelkotzer,jackoff,
motherfucker,homos,,,Soeplul,,,turlutter,,Mobbingsau,jackshit,
motherfuckers,homosexual,,,Soepmongool,,,turluttes,,Möchtegern,jaji,
motherfucking,homosexuals,,,Spermabal,,,vagin,,Mockastecher,jazi,
motherukka,hooker,,,Spermahoer,,,vagins,,Mokkaspaltenlecker,jewed,
muff,hookers,,,Spermaslet,,,va-te-faire,,Mokkastecher,jidder,
muffdiver,hooters,,,Spermakut,,,vibro,,Mongo,jigaboo,
muffdiving,hore,,,Spermalul,,,voggle,,Monstertitte,jism,
muffs,hores,,,Spruithoer,,,vtf,,Moorhuhndanebenschießer,jizz,
muschi,horney,,,Spruitsnol,,,vtff,,moron,junglebunnies,
mutherfuka,horny,,,Spruitkut,,,vulve,,muff,junglebunny,
mutta,http[^\s]*,,,Sloerie,,,vulves,,muffdiver,kawk,
n!gga,hummer,,,Stierenlul,,,yoom,,Müffelschweinchen,kike,
n!gger,hummers,,,Stinkaap,,,youpin,,Mugel,kyke,
n*gger,idjit,,,Stinkhomo,,,youpins,,Mumu,l3i+ch,
n166er,idjits,,,Stinkhoer,,,zabour,,munging,l3i+ch,
n1gga,jackass,,,Stinklul,,,zboub,,Murgel,l3itch,
n1gger,jacking,,,Stinkmalloot,,,zerma,,Murksmacher,lesb,
n4zi,jackoff,,,Stinkslet,,,zob,,Mutt. bfrut.,lesbian,
nazi,jackshit,,,Stoepslet,,,zobe,,Muttersöhnchen,lesbisch,
negro,jaji,,,Straathoer,,,zober,,Nachgeburt,lesbo,
negroes,japseye,,,Straatslet,,,zobes,,Nachgeburtsnager,maengele,
negros,jazi,,,Strandhoer,,,zobi,,Nachttopfausschlürfer,mängele,
ngger,jerk,,,Strontbaffiaan,,,zobis,,Nachttopfsklave,masterbat*,
ni66ar,jerked,,,Stronthoer,,,zobs,,Nackedei,masterbat3,
ni66er,jerking,,,Strontkut,,,zzzzzzfiles,,Nacktarsch,masterbation,
ni6ger,jerks,,,Strontmof,,,Auschwitz,,Nappel,mastuerzon,
nigga,jerkoff,,,Sukkel,,,auschwitz,,Nasenbohrer,masturbate,
niggah,jewed,,,Supermongool,,,bais,,Nasengeburt,mengele,
niggar,jidder,,,Takkehoer,,,baise,,nazi,mofo,
niggars,jigaboo,,,Takkenteef,,,baiz,,negro,monkeyass,
niggas,jism,,,Takkentrut,,,baltringue,,Nichtskönner,motharfucker,
nigger,jizz,,,Takkesnol,,,bastard,,Nichtsnutz,motharfuka,
niggers,jizzwhore,,,Teef,,,batar,,nigaboo,motharfukka,
niglet,jizzwhores,,,Teeringhoer,,,batar,,niglet,Motherf0cker,
nignog,junglebunnies,,,Tekkelbeffer,,,bâtard,,Nougatfurche,Motherfocker,
nlgger,junglebunny,,,Teletubbiekut,,,batard,,nsdap,motherfucker,
nobhead,kawk,,,Tempelslet,,,battar,,Nudellecker,motherfuckers,
nobhead,keffa,,,Teringlijer,,,battard,,nut sack,motherfucking,
nobheads,keffas,,,Teringlul,,,behloul,,nutsack,motherukka,
nobjockey,kike,,,Teringhoer,,,belef,,Oberaffe,muschi,
nobstick,kikes,,,Teringslet,,,belefomouk,,Oberlusche,mutherfuka,
nutsack,knackers,,,Teringtyfushoer,,,belef-o-mouk,,Oberonanierer,mutta,
nutte,knackersack,,,Trekslet,,,Bitch,,Oberpfeife,n!gga,
nympho,knackersmacker,,,Trekvlek,,,bitch,,Ohrfeigengesicht,n!gger,
orgasm,knobgobbler,,,Truttekut,,,bite,,Oimel,n*gger,
orgy,knobgobblers,,,Turkenbeffer,,,bites,,Omalecker,n166er,
paki,knobgobbling,,,Turkenlikker,,,bitte,,Omapopper,n1gga,
pakis,knobhead,,,Turkenneuker,,,bittes,,Onanierer,n1gger,
panooch,knobheads,,,Tyfushoer,,,bondage,,Onanierfaust,n4zi,
pecker,knuckleshuffle,,,Tyfuslijer,,,bougnoul,,Onanist,nazi,
peckerhead,kush,,,Tyfuslul,,,bougnoule,,Opabläser,ngger,
pedo,kyke,,,Viswijf,,,bougnoules,,Opfer,ni66ar,
pedophile,l3i+ch,,,Vuileslet,,,branl,,Opferspast,ni66er,
Pen1s,l3i+tch,,,Wigger,,,branlage,,Oraldurchfall,ni6ger,
pendejo,lesb,,,Zaadbal,,,branle,,paki,nigga,
penis,lesbian,,,Zaadhoer,,,branler,,panooch,niggah,
penises,lesbisch,,,Zaadslet,,,branles,,Pansenfresser,nigger,
penner,lesbo,,,zzzzzzfiles,,,branlette,,Pansengesicht,niggers,
penus,lesboes,,,[^\s]*tube8[^\s]*,,,branlettes,,Pansenkind,nlgger,
phuck,lesbos,,,[^\s]*youporn[^\s]*,,,canabis,,Pansenkopf,nutsack,
pimmel,lessie,,,a$$h0l3,,,Cannabis,,Papnase,nutte,
pimp,lessies,,,a$$hole,,,cannabis,,Pappenheimer,nympho,
pimpis,lez,,,abspritzer,,,chiante,,Pappnase,orgasm,
pinche,limpdick,,,adolf,,,chiasse,,pecker,orgy,
piss,limpdicks,,,anal,,,chiasses,,peckerhead,pendejo,
pissed,loveplums,,,anfänger,,,chier,,Perverser,penis,
pisser,lsd,,,arsch,,,chies,,Perversling,penner,
polesmoker,maengele,,,arschficken,,,chimboz,,Pestbeule,penus,
Poof,mängele,,,arschlecker,,,chiotte,,Pferdeapfelfeinschmecker,phuck,
poon,manbatter,,,arschloch,,,chiottes,,Pferdefresse,pimmel,
poonani,marijuana,,,assface,,,chis,,Pferdegesicht,pimp,
poonany,marsterbator,,,assfuck,,,ch'tah,,Pflaumenaugust,pimpis,
poontang,masterbate,,,asshat,,,clito,,Pflaumenlecker,pinche,
poopshoot,masterbat3,,,asshole,,,clitoris,,Pfötz,piss,
porchmonkey,masterbation,,,assholes,,,cocain,,Pickelface,pisser,
porn,mastuerzon,,,asswipe,,,cocaine,,Pickelfresse,Poof,
porno,masturbate,,,azzhole,,,cocaine,,Pillermann,poontang,
prick,masturbated,,,b!tch,,,cocaine,,Pimpf,poopshoot,
pricks,masturbates,,,b*tch,,,Cochonne,,Pinkelschwein,porchmonkey,
prossie,masturbating,,,b00bs,,,cock,,piss,porn,
prossies,masturbator,,,b17ch,,,cokaine,,piss,porno,
prostitute,masturbators,,,b1tch,,,coke,,polesmoker,prick,
pubes,mengele,,,bastard,,,conar,,pollock,prostitute,
puff,meth,,,bi+ch,,,conard,,poon,pubes,
puffs,minge,,,biatch,,,conards,,poonani,pusse,
puffter,minger,,,billing,,,conart,,poonany,pussies,
pusse,minges,,,bitch,,,conarts,,poontang,pussis,
pussies,mofo,,,bitchass,,,conasse,,popel,pussy,
pussis,mong,,,bitches,,,conasses,,poperze,puta,
pussy,mongoloid,,,bitchy,,,connace,,Popler,putang,
pussylicking,mongoloids,,,blowjob,,,connar,,popo,puto,
pussys,monkeyass,,,blowjobs,,,connar,,porch monkey,queef,
puta,mooseknuckle,,,bltch,,,connard,,porchmonkey,queer,
puta,mopsock,,,bollocks,,,connart,,porn,rape,
putang,mopsocks,,,boobs,,,connarts,,Pottsau,rectal,
puto,mopsox,,,buceta,,,connasse,,Prallbirne,rimjob,
queef,motharfucker,,,bullshit,,,connasses,,Prallkopf,sausagejockey,
queer,motharfuka,,,buttface,,,conne,,Pressgeburt,schamhaar,
queerbait,motharfukka,,,buttfuck,,,connerie,,prick,scheisse,
rape,Motherf0cker,,,butthead,,,conneries,,puff,schwanz,
raped,Motherfocker,,,butthole,,,connes,,puller,schwuchtel,
raped,motherfucker,,,buttlick,,,couille,,Pümmel,schwul,
raping,motherfuckers,,,buttwipe,,,couilles,,punanny,scrotum,
raping,motherfucking,,,c0ck,,,cu,,punta,sh!+,
rapings,motherukka,,,c0cksucker,,,cul,,pussies ,sh!t,
rapist,muff,,,candyass,,,cuni,,pussy,sh*t,
rapists,muffdiver,,,cave,,,cunni,,Putensau,sh1t,
rectal,muffdivers,,,chink,,,dahwa,,puto,shemale,
rimjob,muffdiving,,,chinks,,,dick,,Quadratfresse,shi+,
rugmuncher,muffs,,,cipa,,,dilatation,,Quadratlatschi,shit,
rugmunchers,munter,,,clit,,,dilate,,Quadratschädel,shite,
sandnigger,muttondagger,,,clito,,,dilatee,,Quarkschädel,shits,
sausagejockey,muschi,,,clits,,,dilater,,queef,shitter,
schamhaar,mutherfuka,,,cock,,,dilater,,queer,shitty,
scheisse,mutta,,,cockhead,,,dilatte,,queerbait,shlt,
schlong,n!gga,,,cocks,,,dilatter,,queerhole,shyt,
schwanz,n!gger,,,cocksucker,,,drug,,Ranztüte,skank,
schwuchtel,ni+gger,,,cocksuckers,,,ducon,,Reagenzglasgeburt,sklave,
schwul,n166er,,,cojones,,,ejac,,Reagenzglaskind,slut,
scrotum,n1gga,,,coon,,,éjacul,,Rehkopp,snatch,
Sex,n1gger,,,cornhole,,,ejaculation,,Rektumsurfer,spast,
sh!+,n1ggers,,,cracker,,,éjaculation,,renob,sperma,
sh!t,n1ggerz,,,cum,,,ejacule,,rimjob,spic,
sh*t,n4zi,,,cunt,,,ejaculer,,Rindschwein,spics,
sh1t,nazi,,,cuntface,,,éjaculer,,Rindvieh,stok,
shag,nazis,,,cunts,,,ejacules,,Ritzenflitzer,stoke,
shagged,necrophilia,,,d!ck,,,emmerd,,Ritzenfummler,tampon,
shagging,necrophiliac,,,d1ck,,,emmerdant,,Ritzenkacker,tits,
shemale,negro,,,dick,,,emmerdante,,Ritzenpisser,titt,
shi+,negroes,,,dickhead,,,emmerde,,Ritzenputzer,titties,
shirtlifter,negros,,,dickheads,,,emmerdes,,Ritzenragout,titty,
shit,ngger,,,dike,,,emmerdez,,Ritzensammler,torte,
shitbrains,ni66ar,,,dildo,,,encul,,Rotzbengel,trottel,
shitcunt,ni66er,,,dingleberries,,,encule,,Rotzlöffel,twat,
shite,ni6ger,,,dingleberry,,,enculé,,Rübennase,twats,
Shithoes,nigga,,,dipshit,,,enculent,,Rübensau,vagina,
Shithose,niggah,,,dipshits,,,enculer,,Rübenschwein,vaginas,
shits,niggar,,,djck,,,encules,,Rückevolutionierer,w00se,
shitter,niggars,,,dlck,,,enflure,,Ruhrpottsau,wang,
shitting,niggas,,,dogfucker,,,enfoir,,Runzelfresse,wank,
shitty,nigger,,,doggiestyle,,,enfoire,,ruski,wanker,
shlt,niggers,,,doggystyle,,,enfoires,,Sabbersau,wetback,
shyt,niggerz,,,domina,,,engeuuler,,Sackafter,wetfart,
skank,nigglet,,,dong,,,engueule,,Sackassi,wh0re,
skeet,niggz,,,douche,,,engueulent,,Sackgesicht,whoar,
sklave,nignog,,,douchebag,,,Erection,,Sackhaarflechter,whoore,
skullfuck,nlgger,,,douchebags,,,Extasi,,Sackhaarfresse,whore,
slapper,nobhead,,,douches,,,Extasy,,Sackhaarkämmer,whores,
slut,nobheads,,,doudounes,,,facho,,Sackhaarlaus,wichser,
slutbag,nobjob,,,dyke,,,fdp,,Sackhaarraucher,wixer,
sluts,nobjockey,,,dykes,,,fecal,,Sackkratzer,wixxer,
slutty,nobstick,,,ejaculate,,,felation,,Sacklaus,wpww,
snatch,numbnuts,,,ejakulate,,,fellation,,Sacklausfilzer,www,
sodomize,nutsack,,,f*ck,,,fellation,,Sacklecker,zzzzzfiles,
sodomized,nutte,,,f*k,,,filsdepute,,Sacklutscher,,
sodomizer,nympho,,,f0ck,,,fiote,,Sacknase,,
sodomizers,org@sm,,,fachar,,,fiotes,,Sackrasierer,,
sodomizing,orgasm,,,fag,,,fiotte,,Sackratte,,
spast,orgazm,,,faggot,,,fiottes,,Sackrattenzüchter,,
sperm,orgy,,,faggots,,,fist,,Sackritzenschwitzer,,
sperma,paedo,,,fags,,,foufe,,Sacksau,,
sperms,paedos,,,fatass,,,fouffe,,Sackschmatzer,,
spic,paki,,,fck,,,foure,,Saftkopf,,
spick,pakis,,,fcuk,,,foutrent,,Saftsack,,
spics,peado,,,fcukoff,,,foutres,,Salmonellenfresser,,
spik,peadobear,,,fcukyou,,,fouttre,,sand nigger,,
stiffy,peadophile,,,felch,,,fouttres,,sandnigger,,
stok,peadophiles,,,feltch,,,fuck,,Sauaas,,
stoke,peados,,,fitta,,,Fucked,,Saubacke,,
taint,ped0,,,fittafis,,,Fucker,,Saubär,,
tampon,pedo,,,fittansikte,,,Fucking,,Saubatzen,,
tard,pedobear,,,fittslickare,,,fumier,,Saubauer,,
tart,pedophile,,,fittytuck,,,fumiers,,Saubazi,,
tarts,pedophiles,,,fittytucking,,,Gangbang,,Saubeidl,,
testicle,pedos,,,flansost,,,genital,,Säubelz,,
threesome,pendejo,,,flata,,,gerb,,Saubeutel,,
titfuck,penis,,,fock,,,gerbe,,Saubock,,
tits,penises,,,follar,,,gerbe,,Saubratzen,,
titt,penner,,,foquin,,,gerbee,,Saudepp,,
titties,penus,,,fottere,,,gerber,,Saueimerauslecker,,
titty,phanny,,,fottersi,,,gmail,,Sauhammel,,
torte,phuck,,,fotze,,,gouinasse,,Sauhaxn,,
tosser,pimmel,,,foutre,,,gouinasses,,Sauhund,,
tosser,pimp,,,freaking,,,gouine,,Saukopf,,
towelhead,pimps,,,fregna,,,gouines,,Saukrampen,,
trollop,pinche,,,friggin,,,gouinne,,Saumaul,,
trollops,pindick,,,frikking,,,gouinnes,,Sausack,,
trottel,pindicks,,,frocio,,,grognasse,,Sautrottel,,
turd,piss,,,froscio,,,grognasses,,Schabracke,,
turdburglar,pissed,,,fucing,,,grogniasse,,Schafskopf,,
turds,pisser,,,fuck,,,grogniasse,,schamhaar,,
twat,pissing,,,fucked,,,gueule,,scheiden,,
twats,pissoff,,,fucker,,,gueuler,,Schickse,,
twatted,Poof,,,fuckers,,,hack,,Schlaffschwanz,,
vag,poontang,,,fuckhead,,,hacker,,Schlappnudel,,
Vag,poopshoot,,,fuckin,,,hacking,,Schlapppisser,,
vagina,porchmonkey,,,fucking,,,hagoune,,Schlappsack,,
vaginas,porksword,,,fuckoff,,,hamalle,,Schlappschwanz,,
vajayjay,porn,,,fucks,,,hataille,,schlong,,
w00se,porno,,,fuckstick,,,Heil,,Schluckluder,,
wan,pr0n,,,fuckyou,,,heroin,,Schmierlappen,,
wang,prick,,,fudgenudger,,,heroine,,Schmock,,
wank,pricks,,,fudgepacka,,,herpes,,Schrabnelle,,
wankbag,pron,,,fudgepacker,,,Hitler,,schutzstaffel,,
wanked,prossie,,,fudgepacking,,,hmal,,Schwachkopf,,
wanker,prossies,,,fuk,,,hotmail,,Schwachmat,,
wankers,prostitute,,,fux0r,,,http,,schwanz,,
wanking,prostitutes,,,gangbang,,,incest,,schweine,,
wanks,pube,,,gay,,,inceste,,schwengel,,
Weiner,pubes,,,göbbels,,,incestueuse,,schwengel,,
wetback,puff,,,goddamn,,,incestueux,,Schwuchtel,,
wetfart,puffs,,,goddamn,,,inch'allah,,scrote,,
wh0re,puffter,,,goddamnit,,,joint,,shiz,,
whoar,punani,,,goddamnit,,,junkie,,shiznit,,
whoore,pussie,,,goebbels,,,Kanaille,,Sittensau,,
whore,pussies,,,gook,,,kehba,,Sittenstrolch,,
whorebag,pussis,,,gooks,,,kehbaa,,skank,,
whores,pussy,,,hackfresse,,,kehbba,,skeet,,
whoring,pussyfart,,,himmler,,,kkehba,,skullfuck,,
Whoring,pussyfarts,,,hitler,,,kkk,,smeg,,
wichser,pussyfucker,,,hoer,,,klitoris,,snatch,,
wixer,pussyfuckers,,,homo,,,lesbien,,Spack,,
wixxer,pussygape,,,hooters,,,lesbienne,,Spackbeutel,,
wog,pussymuncher,,,hore,,,Lucifer,,Spackbrezel,,
wogs,pussymunchers,,,hore,,,mange-merde,,Spacken,,
wpww,pussys,,,horney,,,Marijuana,,Spacker,,
www[^\s]*,puta,,,horny,,,mari-juana,,Spacko,,
zipperhead,putang,,,http[^\s]*,,,marijuana,,Spack-o-mat,,
zzzzzfiles,puto,,,hummer,,,masochism,,Spacktasche,,
,queef,,,jackass,,,masochism,,Spaken,,
,queer,,,jacking,,,masochisme,,Spakenkind,,
,queers,,,jackoff,,,masochiste,,Spakspaten,,
,quim,,,jackoff,,,masturb,,Spasst,,
,quims,,,jackshit,,,masturbation,,Spast,,
,rape,,,jaji,,,masturbe,,Spastenkopf,,
,raped,,,jazi,,,masturber,,Spasti,,
,rapes,,,jewed,,,merde,,Speckbirne,,
,raping,,,jidder,,,merdeuse,,Specki,,
,rapings,,,jigaboo,,,merdeuses,,spic,,
,rapist,,,jism,,,merdeux,,spick,,
,rapists,,,jizz,,,nardin,,splooge,,
,rectal,,,junglebunnies,,,nardin,,spook,,
,rectum,,,junglebunny,,,nardin-o-mouk,,Spratzi,,
,rectums,,,kawk,,,narl,,Spreize,,
,retard,,,kike,,,Nazi,,ss,,
,retards,,,kyke,,,nazzi,,Stück Dreck,,
,rimjob,,,l3i+ch,,,negre,,tard,,
,rimjobs,,,l3i+ch,,,negres,,testicle,,
,rugmuncher,,,l3itch,,,nègres,,thundercunt,,
,rugmunchers,,,lesb,,,negress,,tit,,
,sausagejockey,,,lesbian,,,negresse,,Torfnase,,
,scat,,,lesbisch,,,negresses,,Totenschänder,,
,scatophilia,,,lesbo,,,ngresse,,Transe,,
,schamhaar,,,lez,,,nibar,,travian,,
,scheisse,,,maengele,,,nibard,,travianer,,
,schwanz,,,mängele,,,nichon,,Tucke,,
,schwuchtel,,,masterbat*,,,nichons,,Tunte,,
,schwul,,,masterbat3,,,nikomouk,,twat,,
,scrotum,,,masterbation,,,nik-o-mouk,,unclefucker,,
,sh!+,,,mastuerzon,,,niquent,,untermensch,,
,sh!t,,,masturbate,,,niquer,,Vereinsmatratze,,
,shi+t,,,mengele,,,niques,,vereinsmatratze,,
,sh1t,,,mofo,,,ntm,,vibrator,,
,shag,,,monkeyass,,,omouk,,Vollassi,,
,shagged,,,motharfucker,,,omek,,Volldepp,,
,shagger,,,motharfuka,,,orgasm,,Volleugen,,
,shaggers,,,motharfukka,,,orgies,,Vollfatzge,,
,shagging,,,Motherf0cker,,,orgy,,Vollidiot,,
,shat,,,Motherfocker,,,paidale,,Vollkotfresse,,
,shemale,,,motherfucker,,,partouse,,Vollnappel,,
,shirtlifter,,,motherfuckers,,,partouze,,Vollpfosten,,
,shirtlifters,,,motherfucking,,,pd,,Vollschwachmat,,
,shirtlifting,,,motherukka,,,pdsexuel,,Vollspack,,
,shit,,,muschi,,,pds,,Vollspacko,,
,shitcunt,,,mutherfuka,,,ped,,Vollspaten,,
,shitcunts,,,mutta,,,pede,,Vollsprallo,,
,shite,,,n!gga,,,pederaste,,wop,,
,shiteater,,,n!gger,,,pederastes,,zwitter,,
,shiteater,,,n*gger,,,pedes,,zzzzzfiles,,
,shiteating,,,n166er,,,pedesexuel,,,,
,shites,,,n1gga,,,pedesexuels,,,,
,shits,,,n1gger,,,pedophil,,,,
,shitstabber,,,n4zi,,,pédoque,,,,
,shitstabbers,,,nazi,,,Penis,,,,
,shitstain,,,ngger,,,pénis,,,,
,shitstains,,,ni66ar,,,pennis,,,,
,shitstainz,,,ni66er,,,Perver,,,,
,shitter,,,ni6ger,,,Pervers,,,,
,shitting,,,nigga,,,perverse,,,,
,shitty,,,niggah,,,petasse,,,,
,shlt,,,nigger,,,pétasse,,,,
,shyt,,,niggers,,,petasses,,,,
,skank,,,nlgger,,,piner,,,,
,sklave,,,nobhead,,,pines,,,,
,slapper,,,nobjockey,,,pinne,,,,
,slappers,,,nobstick,,,pinner,,,,
,slut,,,nutsack,,,pinner,,,,
,slutbag,,,nutte,,,pipe,,,,
,slutbags,,,nympho,,,piper,,,,
,sluts,,,orgasm,,,pipes,,,,
,slutty,,,orgy,,,Piss,,,,
,snatch,,,pendejo,,,pisse,,,,
,sodomise,,,penis,,,pissent,,,,
,sodomised,,,penner,,,pisser,,,,
,sodomiser,,,penus,,,pisses,,,,
,sodomisers,,,phuck,,,porn,,,,
,sodomises,,,pimmel,,,Porno,,,,
,sodomising,,,pimp,,,poufe,,,,
,sodomize,,,pimpis,,,pouffe,,,,
,sodomized,,,pinche,,,pouffes,,,,
,sodomizer,,,piss,,,pouffiasse,,,,
,sodomizes,,,pisser,,,poufiasse,,,,
,sodomizers,,,Poof,,,prorat,,,,
,sodomizing,,,poontang,,,PRORAT,,,,
,sodomy,,,poopshoot,,,prorate,,,,
,spaff,,,porchmonkey,,,prorat,,,,
,spaffed,,,porn,,,prostitue,,,,
,spaffs,,,porno,,,prostituee,,,,
,spass,,,prick,,,prostituer,,,,
,spast,,,prostitute,,,prostitut,,,,
,spastic,,,pubes,,,Prostitute,,,,
,spaz,,,pusse,,,prostitution,,,,
,spazz,,,pussies,,,ptain,,,,
,sperm,,,pussis,,,pteux,,,,
,sperma,,,pussy,,,ptin,,,,
,sperms,,,puta,,,Pussi,,,,
,spic,,,putang,,,Pussy,,,,
,spick,,,puto,,,putain,,,,
,spicks,,,queef,,,putasse,,,,
,spics,,,queer,,,putasses,,,,
,spik,,,rape,,,pute,,,,
,spiks,,,raped,,,putes,,,,
,spliff,,,raping,,,putin,,,,
,spliffs,,,rectal,,,puttain,,,,
,stfu,,,rimjob,,,puttains,,,,
,stiffy,,,s.o.b.,,,putte,,,,
,stiphy,,,sausagejockey,,,puttes,,,,
,tart,,,schamhaar,,,quequette,,,,
,tarts,,,scheisse,,,quéquette,,,,
,tartz,,,schwanz,,,quequettes,,,,
,teabagger,,,schwuchtel,,,quéquettes,,,,
,teabaggers,,,schwul,,,race,,,,
,teabagging,,,screw,,,racial,,,,
,threesome,,,scrotum,,,rectum,,,,
,tits,,,sh!+,,,rectus,,,,
,titt,,,sh!t,,,reubeu,,,,
,titties,,,sh*t,,,roter,,,,
,titty,,,sh1t,,,rotes,,,,
,tosser,,,shemale,,,s.a.l.o.p.e,,,,
,tossers,,,shi+,,,sadism,,,,
,trollop,,,shit,,,sadist,,,,
,trollops,,,shitcunt,,,salaud,,,,
,trottel,,,shite,,,salauds,,,,
,turd,,,shits,,,salaupe,,,,
,turdburglar,,,shitter,,,salo,,,,
,turds,,,shitty,,,salop,,,,
,tw@t,,,shlt,,,salope,,,,
,twat,,,shyt,,,salope,,,,
,twatface,,,skank,,,saloperie,,,,
,twathead,,,sklave,,,saloperies,,,,
,twatheads,,,slut,,,salopes,,,,
,twats,,,snatch,,,salopes,,,,
,twatted,,,spast,,,saloppe,,,,
,twatting,,,sperma,,,saloppe,,,,
,twattybollocks,,,spic,,,saloppes,,,,
,twatz,,,spics,,,salops,,,,
,vadge,,,stok,,,satan,,,,
,vadges,,,stoke,,,satanic,,,,
,vage,,,tampon,,,satanist,,,,
,vages,,,tits,,,sataniste,,,,
,vagina,,,titt,,,se><,,,,
,vaginas,,,titties,,,sex,,,,
,vd,,,titty,,,Sexe,,,,
,vulva,,,torte,,,sexes,,,,
,vulvas,,,tosser,,,shab,,,,
,w00se,,,trottel,,,shetan,,,,
,w@nker,,,twat,,,skinhead,,,,
,wang,,,twats,,,sodomie,,,,
,wangs,,,vagina,,,sodomies,,,,
,wank,,,vaginas,,,sodomise,,,,
,wankbag,,,w00se,,,sodomiser,,,,
,wankchariot,,,wang,,,sousmerde,,,,
,wanked,,,wank,,,sous-merde,,,,
,wanker,,,wanker,,,sperm,,,,
,wankers,,,wetback,,,sperme,,,,
,wanking,,,wetfart,,,suc,,,,
,wanks,,,wh0re,,,suce,,,,
,wanksock,,,whoar,,,sucent,,,,
,wankstain,,,whoore,,,sucer,,,,
,wankstains,,,whore,,,suces,,,,
,weed,,,whores,,,suceur,,,,
,wetback,,,wichser,,,suceurs,,,,
,wetfart,,,wixer,,,suceuse,,,,
,wh0re,,,wixxer,,,suceuses,,,,
,whoar,,,wpww,,,suck,,,,
,whoore,,,www[^\s]*,,,susse,,,,
,whore,,,,,,susse,,,,
,whores,,,,,,susse,,,,
,whorez,,,,,,t’emmerde,,,,
,whoring,,,,,,tantouse,,,,
,whors,,,,,,tantouses,,,,
,whorz,,,,,,tantouze,,,,
,wichser,,,,,,tantouzes,,,,
,wixer,,,,,,tantra,,,,
,wixxer,,,,,,Tantra,,,,
,wog,,,,,,tantraisme,,,,
,wogs,,,,,,tapette,,,,
,wop,,,,,,tarlouze,,,,
,wpww,,,,,,tasspe,,,,
,www[^\s]*,,,,,,tasspé,,,,
,zzzzzfiles,,,,,,telma,,,,
,,,,,,,tepu,,,,
,,,,,,,testicule,,,,
,,,,,,,Testicules,,,,
,,,,,,,teuch,,,,
,,,,,,,tg,,,,
,,,,,,,tin,,,,
,,,,,,,tringle,,,,
,,,,,,,tringler,,,,
,,,,,,,tripote,,,,
,,,,,,,tripotee,,,,
,,,,,,,tripoter,,,,
,,,,,,,triquer,,,,
,,,,,,,tronche,,,,
,,,,,,,troncher,,,,
,,,,,,,troncher,,,,
,,,,,,,trouduc,,,,
,,,,,,,trouduk,,,,
,,,,,,,turlute,,,,
,,,,,,,turluter,,,,
,,,,,,,turlutes,,,,
,,,,,,,turlutte,,,,
,,,,,,,turlutter,,,,
,,,,,,,turluttes,,,,
,,,,,,,vagin,,,,
,,,,,,,vagins,,,,
,,,,,,,vibro,,,,
,,,,,,,voggle,,,,
,,,,,,,vogueul,,,,
,,,,,,,vtf,,,,
,,,,,,,vtff,,,,
,,,,,,,vulve,,,,
,,,,,,,vulves,,,,
,,,,,,,www,,,,
,,,,,,,yoom,,,,
,,,,,,,youpin,,,,
,,,,,,,youpins,,,,
,,,,,,,zabour,,,,
,,,,,,,zboub,,,,
,,,,,,,zerma,,,,
,,,,,,,zob,,,,
,,,,,,,zobe,,,,
,,,,,,,zober,,,,
,,,,,,,zobes,,,,
,,,,,,,zobi,,,,
,,,,,,,zobis,,,,
,,,,,,,Zobs,,,,
